Terms of Use
Last update: October 16 2025
Welcome to Aria.
These Terms of Use constitute an agreement between you and Ringle Dating Ltd.
(company registration number: 516697034), based at Abba Even 4, Jerusalem, Israel. The terms “we”, “us”, the “Company” or “Aria” refer to Ringle Dating Ltd.
The Company offers a Aria is a dedicated platform for Black singles who value culture, commitment, and intentional love. to find a suitable match through the Aria Mobile Application (the “App”), website – Ariadating.com (the “Website”), and other services provided by us (collectively referred to as the “Services” or the “Service”).
1. Acceptance of Terms of Use Creating a Aria account, using a mobile device and/or mobile application constitutes your agreement (1) to these Terms of Use, and (2) our privacy policy, cookies policy, and community guidelines (at the bottom of these Terms of Use), which are incorporated into the agreement by virtue of their mention in this agreement, (collectively, this “Agreement”). Without acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, the Service cannot be used. The “User” or “you” is the user of the services.
We may, from time to time, affect changes to this Agreement and Service. The changes may be implemented for different reasons, inter alia, legal requirements or changes to the law, new features or changes in business methods. The most recent version of the Agreement will be published under “Settings” and on our Website, and you should check regularly what the latest version is. The most recent version is the valid version. If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, use of the service after the changes take effect constitutes acceptance of the changes in the Agreement.
2. Eligibility You are not authorized to create an account, access, or use the Service or its underlying systems unless you comply with Aria’s Community Rules, as outlined in Section 7 below, and meet the following two conditions: - You are 18 years of age or older - You are able to enter into a binding contract with Aria and agree to comply with the Agreement and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Additionally, you have no criminal record, including offenses of a sexual nature or violence, and you are neither required to register nor registered as a sex offender in any local, state, or federal registry of any country.
3. Your Account There are several ways to sign up for the Service. For more information on the data we collect from you and how it is used, please refer to our Privacy Policy. The privacy of your account sign-in information is solely your responsibility, including any activities associated with it and safeguarding your means of access. If you suspect someone has gained unauthorized access to your account, you must immediately contact us at support@aria.dating . Your account is at risk if you allow someone to use it improperly. Your account may be terminated if you or anyone else uses it in violation of this Agreement. If your account is terminated, you will not be permitted to open a new account without explicit consent from the Company.
The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from unauthorized use of your account or password. You undertake to indemnify the Company for any illegal or improper use of your account and for any debt or taxes applicable to it, unless you have notified us at support@aria.dating that your account has been compromised and requested it be blocked. The Company does not monitor such cases and cannot guarantee that it will know or be able to prevent every improper use of your account, the Website, or the Services.
4. Change or Termination of Service At Aria, we aspire to always improve the Service and provide additional features that may interest and benefit you. As such, we may occasionally add or removefeatures (tools or attributes). We may also suspend the Service altogether. All updates will be available on our Service. Additionally, any software we provide may automatically download and install updates, upgrades, or other new features. The easiest way to close your account at any time, for any reason, is through “Settings” in the Service. Aria may terminate your account at any time without prior notice if we suspect a violation of the terms of this Agreement. In such cases, you will not be reimbursed for any purchases. If you used third-party services for payment, you must follow the instructions within the third-party account to stop the renewal of your subscription.
After your account is closed, this Agreement will terminate, except for Sections 4,5,8- 12, and 15-20, which will remain in effect.
5. Safety; Interacting with other Aria Users At Aria, we strive to foster a respectful experience through features such as our “mutual agreement” feature, which allows Users to communicate only when both parties have expressed interest. However, we are not responsible for the actions or behavior of Users, whether within the service or outside of it. You agree to conduct yourself responsibly in all interactions with other Users, particularly if you choose to communicate outside the service or meet in person. You also agree not to share financial information (such as credit card or bank account details) or send money to other Users in any manner.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users. It is important to understand that Aria does not conduct criminal or other background checks and does not investigate its Users’ past in any way. Aria does not take responsibility forthe level of compatibility between Users or their behavior.
6. Limited Rights Granted by Aria Aria grants you a personal, global, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the Service. This license is revocable and cannot be sublicensed. Its sole purpose is to allow you to use and benefit from the Service as permitted under this Agreement.
7. Purpose of the Service, Usage Restrictions, and Community Rules The Service is intended to assist users in forming meaningful and intentional romantic connections, including relationships that may lead to long-term commitment or marriage. Some of our guidelines reflect this purpose and are designed to maintain a respectful, safe, and serious dating environment.
For the avoidance of doubt, the following actions are strictly prohibited. This license, along with all permissions to access and/or use the Service, will be automatically revoked if you engage in any of the following:
• Opening an account in violation of Section 2 above. • Providing false information during sign up or afterward, including regarding payments. • Encouraging illegal activities and/or actions that could harm other Users and/or any third party. • Using the Service or any of its content for commercial purposes without our written consent. • Copying, modifying, transferring, distributing, renting, broadcasting, publicly displaying, publishing, distribution, creating derivative works, making any other use of, or reproducing in any way the material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks, intellectual property, content, or other proprietary information protected by copyrights, which are accessible through the Service, without prior written consent from Aria. • Using a robot, bot, spider, scanner, scraper, spyware, website retrieval/search application, proxy server, or any manual or automated device, method, or process to access, retrieve, index, “data mine”, or in any way duplicate or bypass the navigation structure or the display of the Service or its content. • Mirroring or framing the Service. • Using the Service in any manner that may interfere with, disrupt, or negatively impact the Service, its servers, or related networks. • Uploading viruses, malicious code, or otherwise compromising the security of the Service. • Forging titles or altering identifiers in any way to disguise the source of information transmitted to or through the Service.
• “Framing” or “mirroring” any part of the Service without Aria’s prior written consent. • Using meta tags, code or other devices that reference Aria or the Service (or any Aria trademark, trade name, service mark, logo, or slogan) to direct any person to another website for any purpose. • Modifying, adapting, manipulating, sublicensing, translating, selling, reverse engineering, deciphering, decompiling or disassembling any part of, or any attempt to discover the source code of, the software underlying the Services. This includes creating and using any means to compile, collect or build a database containing content from the Service or its code. Additionally, causing others to perform one of these actions is prohibited and may lead to termination of the license to use the Services. • Using or developing third-party applications or bots that interact with the Service or other User content or information without our written consent. • Using Aria’s application programming interface (API), for the purpose of accessing it or publishing it without our written consent. • Examining, scanning and/or testing the vulnerabilities of our Service or any system or network. • Attempting to disable or bypass any security mechanisms of the Service. • Encouraging or promoting activities that violate this Agreement.
Both in your relationship with Aria and under Aria’s community rules, the following actions are expressly prohibited. Engaging in any of these will result in automatic termination of this license and all permissions to access and/or use the Service:
• Uploading content, conversations, or communications that do not adhere tothe Service’s standards of modesty and respect. These standards includeusing clean and respectful language, posting real and modest photos (which must not infringe on any third-party rights, including privacy rights), andavoiding expressions that may harm or humiliate other Users. Additionally,you may not attempt to send inappropriate messages, provide false information, use the Service in bad faith, or engage in illegal activities,including harmful, questionable, or prohibited purposes as outlined in this Agreement. • Expressly or impliedly representing to other Users or any person that Aria endorses any of your statements. • Attempting to obtain another User’s password or personal details, or falsely using them. This includes soliciting passwords for any purpose, solicitingpersonal identifying details for commercial or illegal purposes, or distributing another person’s personal information without their consent. • Attempting to solicit or receive money or valuables from other Users, or defrauding them.
• Impersonating another User or person (whether real or fictitious), or misrepresenting your identity, including posting photos of others without their permission. • Violating the individual and legal rights of third parties, including by publishing content that violates or infringes the rights of any other person,including rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, moral rights, trademark, intellectual property, or other contractual rights of another User or third party. • Defaming, slandering, intimidating, badgering, harassing, or stalking other Users or any person. • Publishing any violent content that spreads hatred, threats, or contains graphic violence, death, or descriptions of violent acts (against humans or animals), the use of weapons, or any content that incites violence or that encourages or glorifies self-harm. • Spamming. • Publishing content that encourages racism, prejudice, hatred, or physical harm of any kind towards any group or individual. • Using another User’s account, sharing an account with another User, or maintaining more than one account. • Creating a new or replacement account after your account has been closed by us, unless you have received explicit permission from us to do so. • Posting or sharing content involving minors on the Service, including minors under your custody and pictures of yourself from when you were younger. • Advertising, promoting, or sharing nicknames on social media for the purpose of gaining followers, selling things, collecting donations, or conducting campaigns is not permitted.
8. Child Safety and Protection The Company is committed to maintaining a safe environment, free from any illegal or harmful activity. The Services are intended for adults only (18 years of age or older), and the use of the application by minors is strictly prohibited.
The Company maintains a zero-tolerance policy toward any form of child sexual abuse material or exploitation (“CSAM”) or any activity that promotes, depicts, or facilitates such conduct.
Any user, content, or activity of this nature will be immediately removed, and where appropriate, reported to the relevant law enforcement authorities, in full compliance with applicable child protection and online safety laws.
The Application includes an in-app reporting and feedback mechanism that allows users to report inappropriate content, suspicious behavior, or any potential violation of these standards directly within the app.
The Company continuously reviews and updates its internal policies and monitoring practices to ensure full compliance with applicable laws and international standards designed to prevent child exploitation and abuse.
Community Guidelines for Proper Conduct in the Service:
8.1. Cookies are short text files that are sent to or accessed from your device via your browser or your device’s memory. There are several types of similar technologies, such as web beacons, pixel tags, device IDs, and we will include them all in the definition of “cookies”.
8.2. There are first-party and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are placed directly on your device by us. For example, we use first-party cookies to adapt our Services to your browser’s language preferences and to better understand how you use our Services. Third-party cookies are placed on your device by our partners and service providers. You can learn more about these partners and service providers through our Services and the consent management tools within the app.
8.3. We use cookies to provide, secure and improve our Services, including by remembering your preferences, identifying you when you visit our Services, measuring the success of our marketing campaigns and personalizing advertisements to match your interests. To achieve these goals, we may also link information from cookies with other Personal Information we have about you.
8.4. Third parties we work with, such as service providers or business partners, may set cookies in your browser to collect information in connection with advertisements displayed on third-party websites. Third parties that are advertising companies may
participate in self-regulatory programs that allow you to opt out of interest-based ads associated with them. Opting out does not mean you will stop seeing ads, but you will no longer see personalized ads from companies participating in these opt-out programs. In addition, if you delete cookies from your device after opting out, you will need to opt out again. For more information, you can visit the applications/websites of the following: Digital Advertising Alliance; Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance; Appchoices; (apps only).
8.5. There are several options for managing cookies. Please note that changes made by you to your cookie preferences may make your experience less satisfactory because they will make it less personalized. In some cases, it may even be impossible to use some or all of our Services.
` 8.5.1. Browser and device management. Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control cookies, reject them or receive a notification when a cookie is placed on your device/browser. The procedure for managing cookie files varies slightly between web browsers and/or devices. You can check the specific steps in the help menu of the browser and/or device used.
8.5.2. It may be possible to reset device identifiers or opt out of the collection or processing of identifiers by using the appropriate setting on your mobile device. The procedures for managing identifiers vary slightly from device to device. You can check the specific steps in your device’s help or settings menu. The cookies we use may change from time to time. In any case, the types of cookies we will use usually fall into one of the following types:
Essential - These cookies are essential for the proper operation of the Services. They allow you to access the Services, navigate within the Services, and use various features, such as enabling you to log in to an account.
Operational - These remember your preferences between visits.
Safety - These help us identify you and prevent other users from changing your username and password and other safety actions of this type.
Analytical - These cookies help us understand how all users use our services. This information helps us improve the Services, such as which pages or features are popular, and which are less so.
Advertising - These cookies are intended to provide you with advertisements that may be relevant to you. This helps advertisers show you targeted ads or ads you haven’t already seen. They help make sure ads are showing correctly for advertisers, choose ads that are relevant to you, and measure the number of ads shown and their performance, for example how many people clicked on a given ad.
In addition, we may use cookies from social networks or third parties for advertising purposes.
If you have any questions regarding our cookie policy, you can contact us at
9. Third Party Services. Some of our Services include the use of third-party services and
applications. Any use of these services is at your own risk and subject to the terms of use and
privacy policy related to that service.
10. Children. To register, you must be eighteen (18) years of age or older. The Company
does not knowingly collect Personal Information on children under the age of eighteen (18).
If you become aware that an individual under the age of eighteen (18) is using the Services,
or a case where Personal Information of a minor has been uploaded as content to the
Services, we ask that you notify us as soon as possible.
11. Communications and Notices. We reserve the right to send you Service-related notices
via email, including service notices and administrative notices relating to your account
without offering you the option to opt-out unless you close your account.
12. Changes to the Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If
substantial changes are made to the Privacy Policy, a notice will be posted on this page.